Do you know how to give an AI Agent high-signal context?
Next, I'll show you how Anthropic solves that problem.
This is dense, practical material to help you get better at using AI.
The lesson is longer, so follow and save it.
Anthropic treats context as a finite attention budget.
As the window grows, the next important signal can lose strength.
Long prompts can make an AI Agent chase details.
Use a six-part high-signal pack: outcome, rules, tools, examples, retrieval, and state.
Watch the budget.
Raw history fills the window and shrinks the goal.
Keep current constraints and live evidence inside.
Move the rest outside; nothing is deleted, and each visible token serves the action.
Retrieve details only for the next decision.
Each AI Agent step keeps four things visible: goal, constraints, evidence, and current state.
Everything else stays outside until its signal matters.